Fix Typos in Learn Pages (#1697)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/deployment/code-to-cloud/code-to-cloud-samples.md

## Resource Limits and Auto Scaling Sample

This sample focuses on setting up resource limits and auto-scaling for the generated container. When you specify a resource limit for a container, the kubelet enforces those limits so that the running container is not allowed to use more of that resource than the limit you set. 

> Auto scaling policies allow the container to scale seamlessly without overloading a single container. Code to cloud generates artifacts required for the orchestrator to limit the resource taken from one container. It also generates auto-scaling artifacts to smoothly scale when containers are overloaded. By default, code to cloud sets the default values for these configurations. You can find those values under the [Kubernetes.toml properties](/swan-lake/learn/deployment/code-to-cloud#properties-of-the-kubernetestoml-file). These values will be overridden in this example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-scaling policies allow the container to scale seamlessly without overloading a single container. Code to cloud generates artifacts required for the orchestrator to limit the resources taken from one container. It also generates auto-scaling artifacts to smoothly scale when containers are overloaded. Code to cloud sets the default values for these configurations. You can find those values under the [Kubernetes.toml properties](/swan-lake/learn/deployment/code-to-cloud#properties-of-the-kubernetestoml-file). These values will be overridden in this example. 
```
